procedures: accessing private Git repos (#2242)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Applying the GitHub OAuth App Secret
:keywords: applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret, apply-the-github-oauth-app-secret, apply-github-oauth-app-secret, apply-secret, applying-secret, apply-a-secret, applying-a-secret
:navtitle: Applying the GitHub OAuth App Secret
// :page-aliases:

[id="applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret_{context}"]
= Applying the GitHub OAuth App Secret

Enable the users of your {prod-short} instance to access a private Git repository that is hosted on GitHub:

.Prerequisites
* The repository owner has xref:user-guide:setting-up-the-github-oauth-app.adoc[set up the GitHub OAuth App].

> * The repository owner has given you the (1) *GitHub OAuth Client ID* and (2) *GitHub OAuth Client Secret*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The repository owner has provided the (1) *GitHub OAuth Client ID* and (2) *GitHub OAuth Client Secret*.
```

Author: Thank you, Swati.

> * The repository owner has given you the (1) *GitHub OAuth Client ID* and (2) *GitHub OAuth Client Secret*.

Reviewer 2: Should be changed so that its not the repository owner, but the admin that performs this task. (maybe something similar to https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs/pull/2242#discussion_r838567189)

Author: Thank you.
